README.md, before:

# Billmate Order Management for WooCommerce

When an order is created in WooCommerce and an order number exists in Billmates system,
you have the possibility to handle the order management in Billmate directly from WooCommerce.
This way you can save time and don’t have to work in both systems simultaneously.

# Requirements

* Wordpress with a WooCommerce store
* [A Billmate account](https://online.billmate.se/)
* You need to have the [Billmate Checkout for WooCommerce plugin](https://github.com/Billmate/billmate-checkout-for-woocommerce) installed and activated.

# Documentation

## Installation

You can find the settings for the Billmate Order Management for WooCommerce plugin under

    WooCommerce -> Settings -> Checkout -> Billmate Checkout.

* **Enable Order Management** - Tick this checkbox if you want to enable Billmate order capture on WooCommerce order completion and Billmate order cancellation on WooCommerce order cancellation.
* **Order Management Debug Log** - Tick this checkbox to log events for debugging.

## Order management settings

More documentation regarding the management settings can be found here

[Order management settings](https://docs.krokedil.com/article/366-billmate-order-management-introduction)

Commit message:

[TASK] Add missing text to Documentation

README.md, after:

# Billmate Order Management for WooCommerce

When an order is created in WooCommerce and an order number exists in Billmates system,
you have the possibility to handle the order management in Billmate directly from WooCommerce.
This way you can save time and don’t have to work in both systems simultaneously.

# Requirements

* Wordpress with a WooCommerce store
* [A Billmate account](https://online.billmate.se/)
* You need to have the [Billmate Checkout for WooCommerce plugin](https://github.com/Billmate/billmate-checkout-for-woocommerce) installed and activated.

# Documentation

Here is the section regarding the different parts from a documentation perspective.

## Installation

You can find the settings for the Billmate Order Management for WooCommerce plugin under

    WooCommerce -> Settings -> Checkout -> Billmate Checkout.

* **Enable Order Management** - Tick this checkbox if you want to enable Billmate order capture on WooCommerce order completion and Billmate order cancellation on WooCommerce order cancellation.
* **Order Management Debug Log** - Tick this checkbox to log events for debugging.

## Order management settings

More documentation regarding the management settings can be found here

[Order management settings](https://docs.krokedil.com/article/366-billmate-order-management-introduction)
